I was 22 when this happened. At the
time, I had just graduated college. I
was between jobs, and doing odd work
around my small town, like babysitting,
cleaning houses, running errands,
basically anything that paid cash. A
woman I dogat for in the past
recommended me to a friend of her
neighbors, a man named Craig. He called
me one afternoon and explained he'd be
traveling for a week and needed someone
to stay in his house to look after his
golden retriever, Max. He said Max was
an anxious dog who did best with someone
actually staying overnight rather than
just coming by to feed him. And the pay
he offered was a little more than usual,
so I agreed. I met Craig 2 days later.
He was in his late 40s, tall, wearing
wire rim glasses and a windbreaker.
Nothing about him seemed strange at
first. Maybe a little overly friendly,
but not creepy. His house was on the
edge of town, tucked back in a wooded
area. The place itself was nice, but a
little dated, like with beige carpets
and floral curtains.
Craig walked me through everything, how
often to let Max out, where the spare
key was, which fridge items I could use.
He told me I could stay in the guest
bedroom, which was right off the living
room on the first floor. I started the
job on a Monday. The first two nights
were normal. I watched TV in the living
room, then took Max on his evening
walks, and then slept in the guest room
with him curled up at the foot of the
bed. It was the third night when things
went wrong. I had been sitting on the
bed scrolling through my phone when I
noticed something odd. On the dresser
across from the bed, next to a small
lamp, was a digital alarm clock. I
remembered thinking it didn't match the
rest of the room. It was newer looking,
black plastic with a bright blue LED
display, but everything else in the room
looked like it belonged in the early
2000s. I don't know what made me look
closer. Maybe it was the way the light
from the lamp hit the front of it. But
as I leaned in, I noticed a small,
perfectly round black pinhole above the
numbers. At first, I thought it was just
a sensor, but then I noticed the angle.
The tiny hole was pointed directly at
the bed. My stomach dropped. I had read
stories about hidden cameras and alarm
clocks before, but I'd never actually
seen one in person. My mind started
racing. I picked it up and it was
heavier than I expected and there was a
faint buzzing sound inside like a tiny
fan. I turned it toward me and stared
right into the pinhole. That was when
Max, who had been lying by the door,
suddenly lifted his head and started
whining. from somewhere else in the
house. Not the front door, but deeper
inside. I heard the unmistakable sound
of a door closing. Every hair on my body
stood up. Craig wasn't supposed to be
back until Sunday, and it was only
Wednesday night.
I froze, holding the clock in my hands,
my heart pounding so hard it almost
hurt. Then I heard slow footsteps on the
hallway carpet. I quickly set the clock
back down and moved to the door, locking
it just as the footsteps stopped
outside.
Then Craig's voice came through, calm,
but slightly out of breath. He was
saying he had left something in there
the last time he was home and needed me
to open the door. I couldn't speak. A
moment later, he said it wasn't what I
thought, claiming it was a motion sensor
for the dog and that he hadn't wanted to
freak me out by mentioning it. I backed
away from the door, my hand over my
mouth. He told me to come out and that
we would talk like adults, but when I
didn't respond, his knocking turned into
pounding. He yelled at me to open the
door with his voice no longer calm, but
sharp and angry. Max started barking and
jumping at the door, which only made
Craig sound more agitated. I glanced at
the window, which was low enough to the
ground to climb out, but it was locked.
So, I fumbled with the hatch, my hand
shaking so badly it took me three tries
to open it. Behind me, Craig was still
pounding, now shouting that if I didn't
open the door, he would get the key to
the room and call the cops and tell them
I broke into his house. I didn't wait to
hear more. I shoved the window open,
climbed out awkwardly, and dropped onto
the grass outside. Max scrambled after
me, his nails clicking on the window
ledge, but he ultimately gave up and
didn't jump out. I ran through the
sideyard and down the gravel driveway
until I reached the road. My phone was
in my pocket, and I called my mom, who
lived 15 minutes away. I told her to
come get me right now. By the time she
pulled up, I was hiding behind a cluster
of mailboxes. Craig's house was nowhere
in sight from that spot, but I kept
looking over my shoulder. I stayed at my
mom's for the rest of the night. The
next morning, I blocked Craig's number
and called the lawyer. The lawyer said
that without physical proof, like a
recording of the camera or the device
itself, pressing charges would be
difficult. Even if the clock was a
hidden camera, Craig could claim it was
a harmless motion sensor. And without
evidence, it would be my word against
his. I wanted to go back and take a
picture of it, but my lawyer strongly
advised against returning to the house
alone, and the idea of seeing Craig
again made my skin crawl, so nothing
happened to him. I never got paid for
the three nights I stayed there. The
woman who had recommended me to him
stopped responding to my messages, and I
never found out if she knew anything
about him. For weeks afterward, I had
nightmares about waking up to see a
camera lens watching me from across the
room. I started checking every clock,
smoke detector, and picture frame in my
own apartment. And I still think about
that moment I looked into that little
black lens and the sound of the door
closing somewhere behind me in a house I
thought was empty, which says to me he
may have been in the house the whole
time, watching me through that camera.
I booked the Airbnb in late September, a
week before my girlfriend Emma and I
planned to spend a few days visiting her
sister in a small town about 3 hours
from where we lived. And I picked it
because it was cheap, close enough to
her sister's place, had good reviews,
and looked cozy in the listing photos.
an old two-story house with a wraparound
porch, warm yellow lighting in the
living room, hardwood floors that gave
it a kind of storybook feeling, and one
small detail in the description that I
didn't think much of at the time, which
was a note telling guests that the
basement storage room was off limits. I
had stayed in places where the owners
kept certain areas locked. It's pretty
common for them to store personal
belongings somewhere, so it barely
registered as important. But when we
pulled into the driveway just before
sunset on the first evening, the place
looked a little more weathered than in
the photos. And there was something
about the fact that it stood alone with
only one other house in sight a good
distance away, surrounded by dark tree
lines and a narrow road leading in that
it made me think twice. The host, Allan,
was waiting for us on the porch before
we'd even gotten out of the car. He was
tall but slightly hunched, maybe in his
late 50s, with thin gray hair combed
neatly over his head. He was dressed in
a perfectly pressed flannel shirt tucked
into his jeans. He smiled, but it was
the kind of smile that didn't quite
reach his eyes. It made me think of Mr.
Beast, a little too practiced. His eyes
lingered on us just a bit too long when
we shook hands. And though his voice was
friendly enough, there was a subtle
firmness to it when he began showing us
around. He led us through the front door
into a hallway that smelled faintly of
dust and something sweet, almost like
candle wax, though I didn't see any
candles. The living room had a big couch
facing an old television. The kitchen
looked clean but dated. And when we went
upstairs, the single bedroom had a large
bed under a ceiling fan and a small
dresser with a mirror. Then when he came
back down, Alan stopped at a door near
the kitchen and tapped a heavy padlock
hanging from it. He told us in a more
commanding tone that that door stayed
locked, that it was his storage space,
and that there was no reason for us to
go down there for anything. He didn't
smile this time. He just moved on to
point out where the extra towels were in
the bathroom before wishing us a
pleasant stay and heading out the front
door. After he left, Emma and I
unpacked, made some tea, and sat outside
on the porch for a while, listening to
crickets and the occasional rustle of
leaves in the trees.
By the time we got into bed, the quiet
was almost unnerving. No traffic, no
distant voices, just pure silence.
Sometime after midnight, I thought I
heard a faint dull thud from below us. I
paused and listened for more, but it
didn't come again. So, I told myself it
was probably the house settling. The
next morning, we got breakfast in town,
explored a few shops, and met up with
Emma's sister for lunch. We stayed out
until just after dark, then went back to
the house to make dinner and watch a
movie. Around 2:00 in the morning, I
woke up to use the bathroom. As I headed
back toward the bedroom, I froze halfway
up the stairs when I heard a dragging
sound from the basement, like something
heavy being pulled across a rough floor.
It lasted maybe 5 seconds, stopped, and
then started again. My first thought was
that maybe Allan had come back for
something, but he had told us he
wouldn't be around at all during our
stay. I stood there listening until it
stopped, then went into the bedroom and
asked Emma in a whisper if she was
awake. She said she was and that she
heard it too. We stayed awake for
another half hour, but the sound didn't
return. The second night was worse. We'd
spent the day hiking and were exhausted,
but sometime around 2:30 a.m. The noises
started again. Not dragging this time,
but footsteps.
Four or five in a row, then a pause,
then three more. Each pause lasting long
enough to make me think that whoever or
whatever it was was listening. Emma
whispered that she thought she heard
breathing between the steps. My heart
was pounding, but I didn't want to get
up and risk making a noise. So, we just
lay there, eyes wide open, staring at
the ceiling until morning. By the third
morning, the atmosphere in the house
felt different. We still went out and
did touristy things, but whenever we
came back, it was like a heaviness
settled over the rooms. I decided to
check the basement door during the day.
It was still locked, but when I leaned
closer, I thought I could smell
something faint and unpleasant, like
stale, damp air mixed with a hint of
something sour. That night, the noises
began earlier around midnight. First
came a faint metallic clinking, like
metal tapping against something hard.
Then the footsteps again, going on and
off for nearly an hour. Emma barely
spoke to me before bed. The fourth night
was the breaking point. While getting
ready for bed, Emma stopped brushing her
hair and asked me if the smoke detector
above the bed looked strange.
At first, I didn't see it, but when I
stood on the bed to get a closer look, I
saw a small, perfectly round black dot
in the middle that was shinier than the
surrounding plastic. A bad feeling hit
me immediately. I grabbed a chair,
unscrewed the detector, and inside was a
small battery operated camera with its
green light on. Emma sat on the bed,
pale and silent, while I searched the
rest of the room and found another small
lens poking through a hole in the wall
near the dresser mirror, both aimed
directly at the bed. That was the end of
it. We shoved our stuff into our bags
without bothering to fold anything, and
we left the house without speaking to
the host, driving to the nearest gas
station to call the police. Two officers
met us there. We explained everything,
the noises, the cameras, the locked
basement, and they followed us back to
the house. The front door was unlocked.
Technically, we were still allowed in
the place as we paid for 4 days. The
police followed us inside and seized all
the evidence, including the cameras, I
assume, the memory cards, and any
recording equipment they could find.
They also took our statement in detail,
asking if any strange events took place
during our stay. That's when we
mentioned hearing weird noises both
nights from the basement. When we showed
them the basement door, we were shocked
to see that it was now wide open, but it
was pitch black down there. We told them
that this door was locked before and
that the host was very sketchy about not
going down there. So, the officers went
down the stairs to investigate. Moments
later, we heard voices, raised voices.
There was some kind of commotion going
on down there, and it quickly became
clear what was happening. The officers
then called us down and asked if this
was the host. And to our horror, it was
Allan. He was apparently hiding in a
closet in the basement. In this closet
was a monitor, which we could only guess
was being fed the footage from the
basement. The police seized this as
well. Allan was placed under arrest
almost immediately, and he was charged
criminally by the state for criminal
trespass and invasion of privacy. We
didn't have to testify in court or
anything. The police just sent our
statements to the prosecutor. I believe
Airbnb basically bribed us with a
voucher in hopes that we wouldn't share
our bad experience. We took the voucher
obviously, but that hasn't stopped us
from telling people about this horrific
experience. It's really been something
that's had a lasting effect on Emma and
I. We don't trust rentals or Airbnbs
anymore and lately just stick to hotels.
[Music]
My name is Joe and this happened about a
week ago. I live in a two-bedroom
apartment with my roommate Eric. I
didn't know him before moving in. We met
through a Facebook housing group. He
seemed normal enough when we first met
to check the place out. He was quiet,
polite, and kind of awkward, but not
really in a bad way. At the time, I
thought that would be a good thing
because I wasn't looking for a best
friend, just someone responsible enough
to help pay rent and not trash the
place. For the first couple of months,
it was fine. We had opposite work
schedules. I worked a regular 9 to 5
office job and he worked at some
warehouse on the late shift. Because of
that, I barely saw him. Most of the time
when I was leaving in the morning, his
door would be shut. And at night, when I
came home, he was usually gone. We'd
cross paths once or twice a week,
usually just exchanging a few words in
the kitchen or living room. It was
nothing special, but it worked. Then I
started noticing little things in my
room that made me feel off. The first
time it happened, I came home late and
saw that my closet door was open. I
usually keep it closed because I don't
like seeing my clothes sticking out, but
I figured maybe I had left it that way
that morning. A few days later, I
noticed my desk chair turned slightly
toward the bed. I never sit in it that
way. Again, I brushed it off and thought
maybe I was just not paying attention.
Still, it put a strange feeling in my
stomach, like somebody had been in my
room. One Saturday morning, I was
cleaning. I wiped the shelves, dusted,
and then started on the window. That's
when I saw it. Up in the corner, where
the wall met the ceiling, there was this
little black dot. I thought it was maybe
a screw or a hole in the wall, but when
I got closer, I froze. It was a tiny
camera, a small wireless camera pointed
straight at my bed. My hand shook as I
pulled it off the wall. It wasn't even
hidden well, just stuck with a little
piece of adhesive. It had a spot for a
memory card, but the card was missing. I
just stood there holding it, feeling
sick. I thought about all the nights I
had been in here sleeping, changing
clothes, even being intimate with women.
The only person who could have put it
there was Eric. He was the only other
one with access to my room. At that
moment, he wasn't home. His door was
closed and the apartment was quiet. I
stood in the hallway staring at his door
with my heart pounding. I told myself
not to do it, but curiosity won. I
slowly turned his door knob and opened
it. His room smelled stale, like old
food and dirty laundry. The blinds were
shut and the room was dark even though
it was the middle of the day. His bed
was unmade and his desk was cluttered
with papers, unopened mail and change. I
searched around a little, half expecting
to find another camera or maybe
recordings on his laptop, but there was
nothing obvious, just a messy room. I
closed the door and went back to my
room, but I couldn't get rid of the
uneasiness.
I decided to test him. I put the camera
in my nightstand drawer under some
socks. My plan was simple. if he came
looking for it, then I'd know for sure
it was him who planted it. For two
nights, nothing happened. I still felt
tense, but since there weren't any
signs, I started to think that maybe I
was overthinking the whole thing. Then
came the third night. I woke up at
around 3:00 in the morning. At first, I
wasn't sure why, but then I heard a
noise. It was soft, like wood sliding
against wood. Then I realized it was
coming from right beside me, from my
nightstand drawer. I opened my eyes a
little, pretending to still be asleep.
In the faint light coming through the
blinds, I saw a figure. It was Eric. He
was standing in my room, bent over my
nightstand, rumaging through the drawer
where I had hidden the camera.
I felt my chest tighten and my heart
beat so loud I was sure he could hear
it. I stayed still, not knowing what to
do. And then he stopped. He froze and
just stood there completely still.
Slowly, he turned his head toward my
bed. He was looking straight at me. For
a moment, I thought maybe he wasn't sure
if I was awake, but then he spoke. He
said he knew I was awake. I felt ice run
down my spine as he said that. Then he
asked me what I had done with it. I sat
up quickly, my fear turning to anger. I
demanded to know why he put a camera in
my room. He stared at me and told me it
was because he thought I was stealing
from him. I told him that was
ridiculous, that it made no sense. I
said he had aimed the camera at my bed
and that it was one of the most sickest
things I've ever seen. He tried to tell
me he only wanted proof, but I didn't
buy it. I told him he was lying and that
he had been spying on me. We started
yelling at each other. He kept repeating
that I was overreacting. I told him I
was going to report him to the landlord
and maybe even the police. My voice was
shaking with both fear and rage.
Finally, I yanked open the drawer,
grabbed the camera, and held it up. I
told him that this was proof and that he
was never getting it back. I stormed out
of my room, walked into the kitchen, and
threw the camera straight into the
garbage, thinking I broke it. I told him
to stay out of my room, and that the
next day I would be telling the landlord
everything. Eric stood in the hallway
with his fists clenched, and he was just
staring at me with a blank expression.
Then he turned and walked back into his
room without another word. I didn't
sleep the rest of that night. I sat on
the couch with the TV on, too afraid he
might come back into my room. Every
little sound in the apartment made me
jump. When the sun finally came up, I
checked the garbage can. The camera was
gone. That was a week ago. I told the
landlord what happened. He said he would
look into it, but so far nothing has
been done. Eric still lives here. We
don't speak, but the way he looks at me
when we pass each other makes my skin
crawl. It's like he's waiting for me to
say or do something. I don't know why he
really put the camera in my room. His
excuse about me stealing was an obvious
lie. I don't know what he wanted to
record or what he was planning to do
with it. And honestly, I don't want to
know. But every night when I lay down in
bed, I can't shake the feeling that
there are more cameras hidden around me.
Maybe in places I wouldn't think to
check. I scoured the entire room and
couldn't find any. But still, the
thought does linger in my mind. Last
night, I was awake late and heard
footsteps come down the hallway and then
stopped right outside my door. For over
a minute, there was silence except for
slight cracks in the wood floor outside
my door from the pressure of him
standing there. He stood there like a
creep for a couple of minutes until I
finally heard his footsteps move away
from the door. I'm looking into moving
out. I'm also trying to figure out if
pressing charges for invasion of privacy
or something is feasible. Considering I
didn't even think to take a picture of
the camera or record the confrontation
or anything. I don't even have any texts
from him admitting to placing the camera
there. I've got literally nothing. But
anyway, wish me luck in this situation
because I'm not sure what the outcome
will be.